- [Instructor] Now that we have a production instance
of our API running,
it's important that we go back to our API definition
and update the server section to include this new server.
So with in SwaggerHub, we're going to navigate to our
catalogue API that we're hosting
and within the API definition,
we're going to add new entry within the severs array.
So we'll add a description.
We'll say this is the production instance
and then we need to provide a url to our production instance
of the API.
Now I still have a tab open that is directed to our
production instance of the API.
So I'm just going to go ahead and copy everything
before product
and then we can head back to the API definition
and paste this in.
At this point we'll save the API definition
and then if we view the documentation,
you'll notice a few things.
First we have two instances of our API
within the server's drop down.
And now if we were to view one of our operations,
let's say this product operation.
We're able to try it now and this time we can execute
against our production instance.
So here we see the results from the production instance
of the API and let's just grab this ID from product 438.
We'll copy it and then we're going to navigate to
another operation that accepts a template parameter
which is a product ID and we'll try this out as well.
So let's adjust our security header and then we
can put the product ID in and now we can execute this
request and you'll see that we get the product returned
from the API.
So with that change in place,
let's go ahead and publish our catalogue API.
So click on the version and then click on publish
and we're going to make it public and then finally
we just click on the publish version button.
And at this point,
our API is now available for consumption
by external API consumers.
If we would like to share the link to our API,
we can find that link within the share and collaborate
button and here in that dialogue you'll see
the link we can share with others
that we would like to collaborate on this API.
So there we have our API definition file updated
with the latest production instance our docs are in sync
with our implementation
and we're ready to move on to the next step.